---
layout: framework
title: Liztic. Your music - anywhere, anytime.
comments: false
---
<article class="legal" id="privacypolicy">

{% include headerspacing.html %}

<div class="container">

<div class="row" >

h3. Liztic Terms of Service

These Liztic Terms of Service (the &#8220;*Terms of Service*&#8221;) describe the terms pursuant to which Liztic LLC (&#8220;*Liztic*&#8221;, &#8220;*we*&#8221; or &#8220;*us*&#8221;) offers you access to services offered by Liztic including, but not limited to, services provided at or using the domain Liztic.com (the &#8220;Site&#8221;); tools or applications including, but not limited to, desktop and other software applications related to the Site (the &#8220;*Applications*&#8221;); images, text, playlists, metadata, and other material available through the Service (the &#8220;*Content*&#8221;); and functionality for transferring sound recordings or embodied musical compositions stored on a device (&#8220;*Audio Files*&#8221;) to another device (collectively, the &#8220;*Service*&#8221;). These Terms of Service apply when you access, visit or use any portion of the Service or access any of the Content. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE, THEN YOU SHOULD DELETE THE APPLICATIONS FROM YOUR DEVICES AND YOU SHOULD NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT.
# *About the Service; Eligibility.* 
The Service allows users to synchronize their music libraries and playlists across their devices. The Service is not a &#8220;music locker&#8221; and does not provide functionality for saving, posting, uploading, transferring, or otherwise storing Audio Files on the Site or any other portion of the Service. Any functionality provided by the Service for transferring Audio Files between devices is implemented using wireless transfer protocols or other direct transfer technologies. The Service is intended for users who are at least thirteen (13) years old or children under the age of thirteen (13) under the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are not at least thirteen (13) years old please do not access, visit, or use the Service or the Content without the supervision of your parent or guardian. If you are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18), you may access the Service and the Content with the permission of your parent or guardian. 
# *Acceptance of the Terms of Service.* 
You accept these Terms of Service and agree to be bound by these Terms of Service when you access, visit or use the Service or the Content or create a Liztic Account (as defined below). Please read these Terms of Service carefully because they govern your access to and use of the Service and the Content and set forth legally binding terms applicable to your use of the Service and the Content. 
<br>
*Notice Regarding Dispute Resolution:
These Terms of Service contain provisions that govern how claims you and Liztic have against each other are resolved (see Section 20 (Limitation of Liability), Section 24 (Choice of Law and Forum) and Section 25 (Arbitration Agreement and Waiver of Class Action Remedies) below). They also contains an Agreement to Arbitrate (see Section 25(A)), which will, with limited exception, require you to submit claims you have against us to binding and final arbitration, unless you opt-out of the Agreement to Arbitrate in accordance with Section 25(D). Unless you opt-out: (A) you will only be permitted to pursue claims against Liztic on an individual basis, not as part of any class or representative action or proceeding and (B) you will only be permitted to seek relief (including monetary, injunctive, and declaratory relief) on an individual basis.*
# *Amendments.* 
We may amend these Terms of Service from time to time. You may be required to accept the amended Terms of Service upon logging in to your Liztic Account in order to continue using the Service. Alternatively, we may post any material changes to these Terms of Service on the Site with a notice advising of the changes in advance of the effective date of the changes. We may also notify you of material changes to these Terms of Service by sending an email to the email address associated with your Liztic Account (as defined below) before the effective date of the changes. We encourage you to keep the email address associated with your Liztic Account current, and to promptly notify us of any changes to your email address, so that you may receive any notices we send to you regarding material changes to these Terms of Service. 
<br>
If you do not agree to the new terms, you may terminate your Liztic Account within the applicable thirty (30) day period and you will not be bound by the new terms. Otherwise, the new terms will take effect after thirty (30) days. 
# *Liztic Accounts and Registration.* 
To access the full functionality of the Service, you must create an account with which your Registration Data (as defined below), User Content (as defined below), or other information will be associated (a &#8220;Liztic Account&#8221;). You may be able to use certain portions of the Service without creating a Liztic Account, but you will not be able to access some features of the Service unless you create a Liztic Account. You must provide a valid email address to create a Liztic Account. By creating a Liztic Account you represent that you are: (i) over the age of thirteen (13), are using the Service under the direct supervision of your parent or guardian, or are using the Service with the permission of your parent or guardian if you are between the ages of thirteen (13) and eighteen (18); (ii) of legal age to form a binding contract; and (iii) not barred from using the Service under the laws of any jurisdiction from which you may access the Service. 
##(alpha) *Creating an Account.* 
By creating a Liztic Account, you agree to: (i) provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address, and other biographical information, as prompted by the Service's registration form (the &#8220;Registration Data&#8221;); (ii) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete; (iii) provide, if applicable, a valid payment method for paying any fees associated with the Service or the Content; (iv) use only the Liztic Account you created to access the Service or any User Content via the Service; (v) not allow your Liztic Account to be used by anyone else to access the Service or any of your User Content; and (vi) not use the name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person or in a way that otherwise causes confusion as to the origin of your account. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or that impersonates another person, or if Liztic has reasonable grounds to suspect that the information you provide is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or impersonates another person, Liztic may suspend or terminate your Liztic Account and refuse to allow you to use the Service at any time. Liztic may associate User Content uploaded to, or otherwise made available by you or accessed by you via the Service, with your Liztic Account. You hereby consent to the use of your activities on the Service by Liztic to optimize the availability and presentation of Content and/or User Content to you or to other users of the Service. 
##(alpha) *Termination of Your Liztic Account.* 
You may terminate your Liztic Account at any time by using the account termination option in the Liztic Account settings link on your account page. If you terminate your Liztic Account you may still be able to access certain portions of the Service, but you will not have access to certain features and Content that are available to Liztic Account holders. We may also terminate your Liztic Account, or impose limits on or restrict access to parts or all of the Service at any time, without notice or liability. In the event that your Liztic Account is terminated, we will cease charging you any fees. 
# *User Content.* 
##(alpha) *Responsibility for User Content.* 
If you have a Liztic Account you may be able to post, add, upload, e-mail, transmit or otherwise make available content through the Service including playlists, metadata, comments, text, photographs, graphics, messages, tags, images, illustrations, or other materials relating to Audio Files stored on your device (&#8220;*User Content*&#8221;). All User Content posted by you will be associated with your Liztic Account. You, and not Liztic, will be solely responsible for all User Content associated with your Liztic Account, and other users of the Service, and not Liztic, are similarly responsible for the User Content associated with their Liztic Accounts. By posting User Content on the Service, you agree to assume full responsibility for the applicable User Content and represent that: (i) you are the sole owner of all User Content that you make available through the Service or that you have all rights, licenses, consents and/or releases necessary to make your User Content available through the Service and to grant to Liztic the rights to your User Content described in these Terms of Service, (ii) the User Content does not and will not infringe the rights of any third party, including any intellectual property rights, publicity rights or rights of privacy, and (iii) all of your User Content and other information that you provide to us is truthful and accurate. Liztic has the right, but not the obligation, to pre-screen, refuse, or remove any User Content that violates these Terms of Service or that it otherwise deems objectionable. Should your Liztic Account or your User Content be removed from the Service, Liztic reserves the right to retain your User Content for backup, archival, or audit purposes. 
##(alpha) *Liztic's Rights in User Content.* 
Liztic does not claim ownership of your User Content. However, you grant Liztic a perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, sub-licensable, transferable and irrevocable right and license to use, distribute, publish, reproduce, copy, modify, adapt, publicly perform and publicly display your User Content and to incorporate your User Content into any form, medium or technology, and to exercise any and all copyright, trademark, publicity, and database rights you have in your User Content in any media known now or in the future in connection with the Service, all without compensation to you. This license includes, without limitation, the right for us to use, feature, display, or highlight any User Content that you post to the Service from the Service or other third party websites including, but not limited to, any Social Media Service. You release Liztic from and against any and all claims of any kind which you may have against Liztic in connection with such use, including, but not limited to, those based on copyright, rights of publicity, or privacy. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of data associated with the Service, including your User Content, may require: (i) transmissions over various networks; and (ii) changes to your User Content to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
##(alpha) *Prohibited User Content.* 
While using the Service, you agree that you will not upload, post, e-mail, transmit, or otherwise make available any User Content that:
*** is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, infringing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or is racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; 
*** creates a risk of harm, loss, or damage to any person or property or a risk of physical or mental injury, emotional distress, death, disability, disfigurement, or physical or mental illness to yourself, to any other person, or to any animal;
*** violates, or encourages any conduct that violates laws or regulations or contains any information or content that is illegal; or
*** infringes any third party's intellectual property rights, privacy rights, publicity rights, or other personal or proprietary rights or contains any information or content that you do not have a right to use or exploit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
# *Prohibited User Conduct.* 
While using the Service, you agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities:
** use, display, mirror, or frame the Service, any individual element within the Service, the Liztic name, trademark, logo or other proprietary information, or the layout and design of any portion of the Service, without our express written consent;
** access the Service by any means other than through interfaces provided by Liztic and as otherwise expressly authorized under these Terms of Service;
** access, tamper with, or use non-public areas of the Service, our computer systems, or the technical delivery systems of our providers;
** avoid, bypass, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble or otherwise circumvent any technological measure implemented by Liztic or any of our providers or any other third party (including another user) to protect the Service;
** forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any User Content transmitted through the Service;
** attempt to access or search the Service or scrape or download Content or User Content from the Service, or otherwise use, upload content to, or create new links, reposts, or referrals in the Service through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including automated scripts, spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools or the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by Liztic or other generally available third party web browsers; 
** send any unsolicited or unauthorized spam, advertising messages, promotional materials, email, junk mail, chain letters or other form of solicitation;
** use any meta tags or other hidden text or metadata utilizing the Service or an Liztic trademark, logo, or URL without Liztic's express written consent;
** attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the Applications or other software used to provide the Service;
** interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the access of any user, host or network, including, without limitation, sending a virus, overloading, flooding, spamming, or mail-bombing the Service;
** reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, trade, resell or exploit for any commercial purpose any portion of the Service (including your Liztic Account) or your access to or use of the Service;
** collect or store any personally identifiable information from other members of the Service without their express permission;
** stalk or otherwise harass another person or entity;
** impersonate or misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;
** violate any applicable law or regulation; 
** without limiting any other provision of these Terms of Service, allow any other person or entity to use your Liztic Account so that such other person or entity may access any User Content or transfer Audio Files on your device to any other device; or
** encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the activities prohibited in these Terms of Service.
# *Ownership of the Service and Content; Restrictions.* 
You agree that Liztic and its licensors or partners own all rights, title and interest in the Service, the Content, and all intellectual property rights thereto. The Liztic name, logo and symbols and related names are trademarks and service marks of Liztic (the &#8220;*Liztic Marks*&#8221;). You agree not to or 
otherwise use any Liztic Marks without Liztic's prior written consent. 
# *Use of the Content.* 
The Service may enable you to obtain, use, view, and/or read (as the case may be) Content that may be obtained by you in digital form, and you shall do so solely for your personal, noncommercial entertainment use. The Content may be owned by Liztic or by third parties. However, in all circumstances, you understand and acknowledge that your rights with respect to Content will be limited by copyright law. You agree that you will not attempt to modify any software or Content obtained through the Service for any reason whatsoever, including for the purpose of disguising or changing any indications of the ownership or source of the Content. 
# *No Reverse Engineering.* 
You agree that you will not, for any reason whatsoever, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise tamper with any security components, usage rules or other protection measures applicable to the Service or Content.
# *No copyright Infringement.* 
You agree not to make any use of the Content or the User Content that would infringe the copyright therein. 
# *Personal Use Only.* 
You represent, warrant and agree that you are using the Service hereunder for your own personal, noncommercial entertainment use and not for redistribution or transfer of any kind. You agree not to redistribute, broadcast, communicate to the public, publicly perform, publicly display, or otherwise transfer or exploit any Content obtained through the Service.
# *Removal of Content.* 
Liztic and/or the owners of the Content may, from time to time, remove Content from the Service without notice.
# *Sharing through Social Media Services.* 
The Service may include functionality that allows you to access and post content to Social Media Services regarding your activities on the Service. If you choose to use this functionality, Liztic may: (i) have access to certain information that you make available through the applicable Social Media Service and that the applicable Social Media Service has made available to Liztic; or (ii) post status messages, notes, photos, videos and other materials to the applicable Social Media Service on your behalf. By connecting your Liztic Account with your account on a Social Media Service, you grant us permission to access and use the information that you make available through the applicable Social Media Service and that the applicable Social Media Service has made available to Liztic, in accordance with the privacy or other settings that are applicable to your Social Media Service account. For more information on how you can manage the information provided to Liztic by the applicable Social Media Service, please review the privacy settings applicable to your Social Media Service account. Social Media Services are not partners or representatives of Liztic and Liztic is not responsible for the acts or omissions of any Social Media Service in connection with your account with the applicable Social Media Service.
# *Compliance with Social Media Service Policies.* 
In the event that you share or post content to a Social Media Service through the Service, you agree to comply with all terms of use, policies and guidelines established by the applicable Social Media Service with regard to the content you post. You also agree to be solely responsible and liable for any claims arising as a result of sharing or posting any content to any Social Media Service.
# *User Feedback.* 
Liztic welcomes and encourages your feedback, but please do not submit any proprietary or confidential information, suggestions or materials via email, the Service or any other method. By submitting opinions, suggestions, feedback, and/or proposals through the Service, or through any other communication with Liztic, you acknowledge and agree that: (i) the suggestions or feedback you provide will not contain confidential or proprietary information; (ii) Liztic is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the suggestions and feedback you provide; (iii) Liztic shall be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to use or disclose) the suggestions and feedback you provide for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (iv) Liztic may have similar ideas to the suggestions and feedback you provide already under consideration or in development; (v) the suggestions and feedback you provide will automatically become the property of Liztic without any obligation of Liztic to you and you hereby assign all of your rights in the suggestions and feedback to Liztic; (vi) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from Liztic under any circumstances, and (vii) you will not submit any materials that you do not have the right to make available under any law or contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements). You expressly agree that you will solely bear any liability related to your submission of these materials through the Service or to Liztic.
# *Links to Other Websites.* 
The Service may contain links to third party websites, resources or data, and other users of the Service may post links to third party websites, resources or data. You acknowledge and agree that Liztic is not responsible or liable for the availability of these websites or resources, or for any content, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available through these websites or resources, including payment or delivery of such goods or services from these websites. You also acknowledge that you are solely responsible for and assume all risk arising from the useof any of these websites, resources or data. Links to third party websites on the Service are not intended as endorsements or referrals by Liztic of any products, services or information contained on the applicable websites. These Terms of Service do not apply to third party websites, including the content of and your activity on those websites. You should review all applicable third-party websites' terms of service, privacy policies and all other website documents, and inform yourself of the regulations, policies and practices of all applicable third-party websites. 
# *Subscriptions.* 
Liztic Account holders may access the Service by one of several subscriptions: 
<div>
** Basic Subscription (Free);
** Premium Subscription (Paid); and
** Studio Subscription (Paid).
</div>
The Basic Subscription allows a Liztic Account holder to synchronize a maximum of 250 Audio Files across a maximum of three devices. The Premium Subscription allows a Liztic Account holder to synchronize a maximum of 2,500 Audio Recordings across a maximum of five devices. The Studio Subscription allows a Liztic Account holder to synchronize an unlimited number of Audio Recordings across a maximum of ten devices. When you create your Liztic Account, you will automatically receive a Basic Subscription. You may upgrade your Basic Subscription to a Premium Subscription or a Studio Subscription (collectively, &#8220;*Paid Subscriptions*&#8221;) at any time. 
###(alpha) *Subscription Fee Payment.* 
You must associate a valid payment method with your Liztic Account to receive a Paid Subscription. You may pay for a Paid Subscription in monthly increments or annual increments (your &#8220;Subscription Period&#8221;). If you have a Paid Subscription, your payment to Liztic will automatically renew at the end of your Subscription Period and the payment method associated with your Liztic Account will be charged the cost of the subscription for the subsequent Subscription Period (the &#8220;Subscription Fees&#8221;). . To avoid automatic renewal, you may cancel your Paid Subscription before the end of your current Subscription Period. If you cancel your Paid Subscription, the cancellation will take effect the day after the last day of your current Subscription Period, and your subscription will be downgraded to the Basic Subscription. If you have a Studio Subscription, you may downgrade your subscription to a Premium Subscription before the end of your current Subscription Period, and the payment method associated with your account will be charged the Subscription Fees for the Premium Subscription effective at the beginning of the next Subscription Period. If your Subscription Period is monthly, your cancellation or downgrade request must be received five (5) business days prior to the end of your Subscription Period. If your Subscription Period is annual, your cancellation or downgrade request must be received one (1) calendar month prior to the end of your Subscription. 
###(alpha) *Refunds.* 
If your Subscription Period is annual and you cancel your Paid Subscription within thirty (30) days after the date that your payment method is charged the Subscription Fee, you will be issued a prorated refund of the Subscription Fee. No refunds will be issued more than thirty (30) days after your payment method has been charged the Subscription Fee. Unless required by law, no refunds of Subscription Fees will be issued if your Subscription Period is monthly. 
###(alpha) *Change in Subscription Fees.* 
Liztic may change the Subscription Fees for the Paid Subscriptions or the Per-Device Fees from time to time (&#8220;*Fee Changes*&#8221;), and will communicate any such changes to you. Fee changes will take effect at the start of the next Subscription Period following the date of the price change. By continuing to use the Service after the change takes effect, you accept the new fees.
###(alpha) *Invalid Payment Method.* 
If you have a Paid Subscription and Liztic is unable to charge your Subscription Fees to the payment method associated with your Liztic Account due to the expiration, invalidity, or rejection of your payment method, Liztic will send you a message at the email address associated with your Liztic Account notifying you that Liztic's attempt to charge your Subscription Fees and/or your Per-Device Fees (collectively, &#8220;*Fees Owed*&#8221;) to your payment method was unsuccessful. Upon receiving such message, you should log in to your Liztic Account and update your payment method. Fifteen (15) days after such unsuccessful attempt, Liztic will attempt to charge your Fees Owed to your payment method a second time. If such second attempt is unsuccessful, your Paid Subscription will automatically be downgraded to a Basic Subscription and Liztic will send you a message at the email address associated with your Liztic Account notifying you of such downgrade. 
###(alpha) *Codes and other Limited Offers.* 
If you have received a code sold by or on behalf of Liztic for access to a Paid Subscription for the time period indicated on your email, card, or paper receipt (&#8220;*Code*&#8221;), or if you are accessing the Service through some other limited offer which you received as a gift or purchased from Liztic (&#8220;*Limited Offer*&#8221;), these Terms of Service apply to your access to the Service. Any separate sets of terms and conditions presented to you along with the Code or Limited Offer also apply to your access to the Service using the Code or Limited Offer. If a Code or Limited Offer has been designated for a certain country or countries, the Limited Offer is only redeemable in the country or countries for which it was designated. Codes and Limited Offers are not redeemable for cash and may not be returned for a cash refund, exchanged, resold or used to purchase other Codes or redeem other Limited Offers.
# *Software Updates.* 
Liztic may provide updates to the Applications from time to time. The Applications may update automatically without prior notice or action by you. You may disable the automatic update feature within the settings functionality of the Applications.
# *Disclaimer of Warranties.* 
THE SERVICE AND THE CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN &#8220;AS IS&#8221; AND &#8220;AS AVAILABLE&#8221; BASIS. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, LIZTIC AND ITS PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, PARTNERS, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, PARTNERS, LICENSORS, AND ALL OWNERS OF THE CONTENT (COLLECTIVELY, THE &#8220;LIZTIC PARTIES&#8221;) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE LIZTIC PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, THAT DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE SERVICE OR CONTENT OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THE SERVICE AND THE CONTENT AVAILABLE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT ANY DESCRIPTIONS OF THE SERVICE OR THE CONTENT ARE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, CURRENT OR COMPLETE. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IF YOU DOWNLOAD ANY CONTENT FROM THE SERVICE, YOU DO SO AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK. YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF ANY CONTENT THROUGH THE SERVICE. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO RESTRICT OR TERMINATE YOUR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE OR ANY FEATURE OR PART THEREOF AT ANY TIME. THE LIZTIC PARTIES ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY, OR FAILURE TO STORE OR TRANSFER ANY CONTENT, USER CONTENT, AUDIO FILES, OR PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS.
# *Limitation of Liability.* 
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE LIZTIC PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, USE, DATA OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF A LIZTIC PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM YOUR USE OR ACCESS OF, OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS, THE SERVICE, THE CONTENT, OR THE USER CONTENT.
# *Suspension of Access.* 
Please report problems and policy violations to us by sending us an email at "support@liztic.com":support@liztic.com. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to remove any Content or User Content from the Service at any time in our discretion. In addition, without limiting other remedies, we may, in our sole discretion, limit, suspend, or terminate the Service and Liztic Accounts, prohibit access to the Service, the User Content, or the Content, and take technical and legal steps to keep users from using the Service, the User Content, or the Content, if we think that they are creating problems or possible legal liabilities, infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, or acting inconsistently with the letter or spirit of our policies (for example, and without limitation, circumventing temporary or permanent suspensions or harassing our employees or other users). 
# *Indemnity.* 
You agree to indemnify and hold the Liztic Parties harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of: (A) your use of the Service, the User Content, the Audio Files, or the Content; (B) your violation of these Terms of Service; or (C) your violation of any law or your violation or infringement of any rights of another party.
# *Choice of Law and Forum.* 
The laws of the State of Georgia apply to these Terms of Service and to your relationship with the Liztic Parties, without regard to conflict of law principles, and the parties irrevocably consent to bring any action to enforce these Terms of Service in the federal or state courts located in Atlanta, Georgia. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal or state courts located in Atlanta, Georgia. 
# *Arbitration Agreement and Waiver of Class Remedies.*
##(alpha) *Arbitration.* 
The parties shall use their best efforts to settle any dispute, claim, question, or disagreement directly through consultation and good faith negotiations which shall be a precondition to either party initiating a lawsuit or arbitration. All claims arising out of or relating to these Terms of Service (including its formation, performance and breach) and your use of the Service shall be finally settled by binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (&#8220;*AAA*&#8221;) in accordance with the provisions of its Commercial Arbitration Rules and the supplementary procedures for consumer related disputes of the AAA, excluding any rules or procedures governing or permitting class actions. The arbitrator, and not any federal, state or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve all disputes arising out of or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability or formation of these Terms of Service, including, but not limited to, any claim that all or any part of these Terms of Service is void or voidable. The arbitrator shall be empowered to grant whatever relief would be available in a court under law or in equity. The arbitrator's award shall be binding on the parties and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the extent the filing fee for the arbitration exceeds the cost of filing a lawsuit, we will pay the additional cost.The parties understand that, absent this mandatory provision, they would have the right to sue in court and have a jury trial. They further understand that, in some instances, the costs of arbitration could exceed the costs of litigation and the right to discovery may be more limited in arbitration than in court.
##(alpha) *Class Action Waiver.* 
The parties further agree that any arbitration shall be conducted in their individual capacities only and not as a class action or other representative action, and the parties expressly waive their right to file a class action or seek relief on a class basis. If any court or arbitrator determines that the class action waiver set forth in this Section 23B is void or unenforceable for any reason or that an arbitration can proceed on a class basis, then the arbitration provision set forth above shall be deemed null and void in its entirety and the parties shall be deemed to have not agreed to arbitrate disputes.
##(alpha) *Exception- Litigation of Small Claims Court Claims.* 
Notwithstanding the parties' decision to resolve all disputes through arbitration, either party may also seek relief in a small claims court for disputes or claims within the se of that court's jurisdiction.
##(alpha) *Thirty Day Right to Opt Out.* 
You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration and class action waiver provisions set forth this Section 23D by sending written notice of your decision to opt-out to the following address: Liztic LLC, 227 Sandy Springs Place, Suite 520, Atlanta, GA 30328, USA. The notice must be sent within thirty (30) days of registering to use the Service, otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes in accordance with the terms set forth above. If you opt-out of these arbitration provisions, we also will not be bound by them. In addition, if you elect to opt-out of these arbitration provisions, we may terminate your use of the Service.
# *Notices.* 
Except as explicitly stated otherwise, legal notices shall be served on Liztic's national registered agent (in the case of Liztic) or, in your case, to the email address associated with your Liztic Account. Notice to you shall be deemed given twenty-four (24) hours after the email is sent.
# *Assignability.* 
You may not assign or delegate any right or obligation you have under these Terms of Service, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of Liztic. Liztic may assign or delegate any right or obligation under these Terms of Service, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without your consent.
# *Waiver and Severability.* 
Our failure to exercise or enforce any of these Terms of Service or to act with respect to a breach by you or others will not constitute a waiver and does not waive our right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid, void or unenforceable under applicable law, then the applicable provision will be construed, limited, modified or, if necessary, severed to the extent necessary to eliminate its unenforceability.
# *Headings.* 
Headings are for reference purposes only and do not limit the se or extent of such section.
# *Entire Agreement.* 
These Terms of Service (including incorporated policies and rules) set forth the entire understanding and agreement between us with respect to the subject matter hereof. 
# *No Oral Modifications.* 
Employees of the Liztic Parties are not authorized to modify the terms of these Terms of Service, either verbally or in writing. If any employee of the Liztic Parties offers to modify these Terms of Service, he or she is not acting as an agent for the Liztic Parties or speaking on our behalf. You may not rely, and should not act in reliance on, any statement or communication from an employee of the Liztic Parties or anyone else purporting to act on our behalf.
# *Independent Contractor.* 
No agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer, or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by these Terms of Service.
# *Export Control.* 
The Service may be subject to U.S. export and reexport control laws and regulations, including the Export Administration Regulations (&#8220;*EAR*&#8221;) maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, trade and economic sanctions maintained by the Treasury Department's Office of Foreign Assets Control (&#8220;*OFAC*&#8221;), and the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (&#8220;*ITAR*&#8221;) maintained by the Department of State. You warrant that you are (1) not located in Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, or Syria, and (2) are not a denied party as specified in the regulations listed above.
<br>
You agree to comply with all applicable export and reexport control laws and regulations, including the EAR, trade and economic sanctions maintained by OFAC, and the ITAR. Specifically, you agree that you shall not – directly or indirectly – sell, export, reexport, transfer, divert, or otherwise dispose of any products, software, services, or technology (including products derived from or based on such technology) received from Liztic under these Terms of Service to any destination, entity, or person prohibited by the laws or regulations of the United States, without obtaining prior authorization from the competent government authorities as required by those laws and regulations. This export control clause shall survive termination or cancellation of these Terms of Service.
# *Contact Information.* 
If you have any questions about these Terms of Service or your Liztic Account, you may contact us by email at "support@liztic.com":support@liztic.com or by postal mail at Liztic LLC, 227 Sandy Springs Place, Suite 520, Atlanta, GA 30328, USA.
</div>

</div>

</article>